README.md, before:

# WDD353
### Server Side Languages

## Week 4 -
This week we tie in the backend with the front end and learn about posting to the database.

Assignments include a registration backend and a registration system that includes backend and frontend.

### Changes - 
- Completed restful write to backend lecture.
- Added assignment 6 project files.
- Refactored lecture code for assignment 6.
- Completed assignment 6.
- Completed lecture "Tie login frontend to backend".

## Week 3 - 
This week we learn about dynamic websites, EJS, Sync/Async, and login/registration forms and validation.

Assignments include creating a registration form and validating with regex, Sync/Async, and a login form.
### Changes - 
- Finished 1st lecture.
- Created assignment 3 files.
- Added registration page.
- Added registration form.
- Created form js.
- Added age dropdown options.
- Implemented regex validation for registration POST.
- Added overall status.
- Fixed error various error messages.
- Fixed some styling.
- Values will now repopulate on form failure.
- Added/completed Assignment 4.
- Removed unused code from assignment 3 routes.
- Created assignment 5 files.
- Added login page.
- Added session.
- Fixed logout logic.
- Fixed error in assignment 3.


## Week 2 - 
This week we learn a bit more about Python, Ruby and Node. 

Assignments include creating a simple grader console application and setting up a static web server.

### Changes
- Reorganized file structure.
- Followed lectures, created example files.
- Completed Assignment 1 python part.
- Completed Ruby part.
- Completed NodeJS part.
- Formatting - Completed Assignment 1 code.
- Fixed white space validation in Node file.
- Finished web server lecture.
- Began work on Assignment 2.
- Created index, imported css.
- Created about page.
- Created contact page.
- Created projects page.
- Imported assets and js.
- Update server.js with new pages.
- Modified nav to link to pages.
- Fixed about link on index.
- Changed bg colors to help with visuals.
- Changed text color on featured project element.


## Week 1 - 
This is the introduction week to WDD353. 

The only assignment (Intro to Server Side Languages) was to output "Hello World" to the console and screenshot the results using Ruby, Python and NodeJS.

### Changes - 
- Created and Cloned repo. 
- Completed Intro to Server Side Languages.
- Finished lecture practice.

Commit message:

Started assignment 7. - Added validation to registration backend. - Connected frontend to backend. - Added error/status messages to view.

README.md, after:

# WDD353
### Server Side Languages

## Week 4 -
This week we tie in the backend with the front end and learn about posting to the database.

Assignments include a registration backend and a registration system that includes backend and frontend.

### Changes - 
- Completed restful write to backend lecture.
- Added assignment 6 project files.
- Refactored lecture code for assignment 6.
- Completed assignment 6.
- Completed lecture "Tie login frontend to backend".
- Started assignment 7.
- Added validation to registration backend.
- Connected frontend to backend.
- Added error/status messages to view.

## Week 3 - 
This week we learn about dynamic websites, EJS, Sync/Async, and login/registration forms and validation.

Assignments include creating a registration form and validating with regex, Sync/Async, and a login form.
### Changes - 
- Finished 1st lecture.
- Created assignment 3 files.
- Added registration page.
- Added registration form.
- Created form js.
- Added age dropdown options.
- Implemented regex validation for registration POST.
- Added overall status.
- Fixed error various error messages.
- Fixed some styling.
- Values will now repopulate on form failure.
- Added/completed Assignment 4.
- Removed unused code from assignment 3 routes.
- Created assignment 5 files.
- Added login page.
- Added session.
- Fixed logout logic.
- Fixed error in assignment 3.


## Week 2 - 
This week we learn a bit more about Python, Ruby and Node. 

Assignments include creating a simple grader console application and setting up a static web server.

### Changes
- Reorganized file structure.
- Followed lectures, created example files.
- Completed Assignment 1 python part.
- Completed Ruby part.
- Completed NodeJS part.
- Formatting - Completed Assignment 1 code.
- Fixed white space validation in Node file.
- Finished web server lecture.
- Began work on Assignment 2.
- Created index, imported css.
- Created about page.
- Created contact page.
- Created projects page.
- Imported assets and js.
- Update server.js with new pages.
- Modified nav to link to pages.
- Fixed about link on index.
- Changed bg colors to help with visuals.
- Changed text color on featured project element.


## Week 1 - 
This is the introduction week to WDD353. 

The only assignment (Intro to Server Side Languages) was to output "Hello World" to the console and screenshot the results using Ruby, Python and NodeJS.

### Changes - 
- Created and Cloned repo. 
- Completed Intro to Server Side Languages.
- Finished lecture practice.
